hey peachy fan how are you guys I'm
sorry I left you like four days without
any vlogs the past few days I have just
been kind of catching up on life getting
stuff done but let me update you on a
few things that went down I have been
filming some creative spaces TV stuff
for this season here in Brooklyn with
the Gregory Brothers doing Christmas Eve
i'm here at the oven just jam it out
talk to my homie hey did every we can
get this package that is a comic book
from we don't really know where it's
from unsolicited promotion what is this
comic horizon state of Missouri
Southwest Correctional Center Aaron you
new comic book is here really already
yeah here barely even finished the last
one my name is Evan and I'm holding the
interview stick we always use never even
talking to us helps me focus
also andrew says anything confidential
puffin I love the show unbreakable Kimmy
Schmidt and the theme song is the fun
song if I news type vibe I immediately
thought of you guys and I was always
like I wonder if they did that and they
did and I'm discovering a new yes you
did it and I'm just carrying a new video
that i didn't even know there's like an
extended version doing those booths
wedding DJ and I my neighbor who watched
all the drama unfold well today's day
mr. Bassman oh yeah what happened was
ten
oh alright time to pack up and so if you
have not checked out the recent episode
createspace TV is a day life created you
to see behind the scenes of designers
filmmakers photographers go into their
studio see how they do what they do you
can watch it up here if you have not yes
and then yesterday oh my goodness
yesterday was divine um I didn't really
have my blogging camera but I just had
fun it was a Saturday and it was kind of
disgusting a hot outside but I just hung
out with friends and we boosted boarded
we skate warden I did a lot of filming
for another creative spaces TV episode
so this guy mark it's going to be on a
creative spaces TV episode he's an
amazing artist he's doing some art
installation stuff but the building that
he is doing it in front of the fire
alarm went off and so now we're waiting
out and I wrote along the East River for
the first time oh my gosh the views the
views this is my 50th day leave all I
have been posting monday through friday
for the most part sometimes you know i
haven't stuck to the monday through
friday schedule which drives me crazy
crazy that I haven't been super
consistent and from this title of the
video I'm gonna be making some changes
that's a great thing about YouTube got
the internet you could just do what you
want and so I want to keep you guys in
mind because i love this relationship I
have developed and so I'm actually
starting on this week going back to my
monday wednesday friday schedule it's
just something that I can keep up with
and you can actually expect a new video
every single Monday Wednesday Friday at
8am without a doubt like you will have a
new syrup video I feel like especially
the past week it's been like oh I
haven't really been on a good
schedule and monday through friday thing
has been kind of killing me especially
with creative spaces TV creative spaces
TV is such oh my gosh it takes me so
long to edit those and it's so much hard
work and I love it um but I just also
have to sleep and have to take care of
myself I'm living in New York City so
much stress is going on here and I have
so many ideas for videos and I want to
have a breathing room to make topical
content I'm really into a lot of
different things and I want to leave
room to make videos outside of logs so
what does this mean doesn't mean that
I'm going to stop blogging blogging is
cool I love blogging I love it I love it
however a lot of people are doing the
same thing with daily vlogs it's very
similar a lot of people drink somewhere
things um and I tried it and I was like
this is how I'm going to keep my
relationship with my viewers I'm gonna
grow this is how I grow and honestly
after 50 vlogs it has its it's been
amazing but I think there are better
ways to grow and what works for one
person doesn't necessarily work for you
or work for me but I think it's just
time to try something new and I also
want to play around with like style and
formatting more um so basically what's
gonna look like monday and friday are
just gonna be my blogs monday is going
to be my blog from the weekend and
friday is going to be like my week vlog
and so i'm going to basically still
document almost every single day and
then put them into my vlogs that way I
can make them these pretty beautiful
more like eight to ten minute actual
vlogs but it'll be monday and friday
instead of every small day only being
like three to four minutes and then
wednesday i want to keep open for the
cool stuff the stuff that isn't a vlog
whether it's creative spaces TV or maybe
something Crazy's hopping in New York I
need to make like a mini documentary
about it or maybe it's just me talking
to a camera who knows who knows that's
what's exciting I just need that room to
create and stuff and I'm pumped I'm
pumped so good talk maybe one day I will
go back to daily I probably will but
when that time
happens I want to make sure I can do it
and do it effectively and when I do I
want to be able to do it every single
day not just monday through friday so
with that fam just keep me in mind every
monday wednesday friday i looked at
hearing from you guys in the comments
section and on the twitters and
snapshots and all the things i genuinely
appreciate every single person who
watches any of my stuff so thank you you
thank you i will see you wednesday for
brandy hamsa up creative spaces TD hi
get excited quick side note i think this
is also going to allow me to post more
fresh stuff to my snapchat stories and
histograms Troy's so make sure to follow
me on this hair anyways have a great day
stay peachy okay bye year and a half or
two years ago I was really trying to
figure out what I wanted to do in my
life next and I was like okay I'm gonna
go to graduate school it like I really
don't know what I want to do and seems
like the next best step I went through
the whole process in my essays i had
written about how I really wanted to
become an entrepreneur I really wanted
to go to the business school so I could
be an entrepreneur I'd really killed
myself prepping for these business
school apps for like six to seven months
and the week they were do i was about to
submit him and my mom was like wait
don't submit the apps i really don't
think you want to go to business school
I really thought about it and day or two
before applications are due I decided
not to submit